# NibJS - Examples

This folder contains typical use cases in using nib.js, one in each subfolder.
Each example is self-contained, and respects the following folder structure:

    x-example/
      build             # run to (re-)build the example
      example.js        # generated by build using nibjs command
      index.html        # to be opened in your prefered browser
      lib/
        ...             # java/coffee script source files
        
Examples are kept built in the sources, so that they can be executed immediately
in a browser. In other words and unless stated otherwise (some examples may depend
on ajax call) opening any x-example/index.html file in a browser should work. 

These examples are also visible online on the project's 
[github pages](http://blambeau.github.com/nib.js/). The following commands can also
be used to rebuild then run the examples on your machine (requires devel dependencies):

    rake examples:build
    rake test:integration

Please report any bug on [github](https://github.com/blambeau/nib.js/issues)

## 1-basic

Demonstrates a simple use case where you maintain an application as well as some
utility modules and compile them as a single self-contained .js file ready for 
inclusion in the browser. NibJS is invoked as follows (see 1-basic/build):

    nibjs --libname=basic --output=basic.js lib

## 2-coffee

Same as the previous example, but written in coffeescript. NibJS invocation:

    nibjs --coffee --libname=coffee --output=coffee.js lib

## 3-embedded-coffee

In this third example the coffee compiler is not even required server-side, as 
the coffeescript sources are compiled in javascript by the browser itself. 

    nibjs --coffee --no-coffee-compile --libname=embedded-coffee --output=embedded-coffee.coffee lib

This example makes an AJAX call and will not work by simply opening the index.html
file in your browser.

## 4-coffee-join

The fourth example illustrates a way to avoid having to use CommonJS/Node.js require
and exports everywhere. Using the --join option will treat the sources "as if they were
a single file", with a common local scope.

    nibjs --coffee --join --libname=coffee-join --output=coffee-join.js lib
    
## 5-standalone

This last example shows how to get rid of having to distribute nibjs.js itself with your
own library. The --standalone option will make sure that NibJS itself is included in the
generated .js file.

    nibjs --coffee --join --standalone --libname=standalone --output=standalone.js lib

## Credits

Some icons used in examples are from www.veryicon.com, distributed under LGPL licence with 
following licence information:

* TITLE:   Crystal Project Icons
* AUTHOR:	 Everaldo Coelho
* SITE:	   http://www.everaldo.com
* CONTACT: everaldo@everaldo.com
* LICENSE: LGPL